all his friends is the work that we
find today for just one
small presentation of the beta 2 points
to 28
so he on the beta the day of the release
who came out I remind you on the 9th
April 2015 and so big the big
change this update is
the addition of 87 new trophies
championship just misses a weird name
so here we see on the change
there is not much except
also search notices that will have
seven new search notices from
different level slices so that
can be interesting for everyone
also successes that go with and
especially for the hexagon
a little change that's going to be these
changes the sync pd itself
launched his end-time spell right from his
first rate of young people have indeed
exploded from the very beginning ie
could not boost it by using it
in the first round what is often to
this problematic then in the east
in the boom the new trophies then
already there has been a little increase
different types in support and of course
for each item as usual
but in broad outline what has
first we have more bloodthirsty
major you see it does 12 pity that
I find myself dominique lesbats the party
322 vitality except for the condition
of all these new trophies know
only one break of panoplies is at
say if for example you go there
not least rigid with two or three
items you will not be able to have a
other not the foot that pays with two
items or more so that is here
would for example be impossible to have the
do not transplant with another pack
graft is as well as a
an amulet make a palette is
rigid or for example to have the
panoply queen of thieves and the
the panoply gour are even it's that the
two rings it's impossible we like
you still see it's these new
trophies are rather to avoid
indeed two damage that's not going either
to say that it's great joy but there
there are others who do not use it
does 322 vitality then the others who has
just to show a little already shell
these are trophies they make 12%
elementary that can be useful I think
not that it's really looking forward is more
strong but can not be nice go-getter
major screw of 800 initiative on the
malus go down vitality
again it's rather mean stunned
flavors and all your 10 hours so at the
same thing with pm withdrawal as we
can imagine it so 24 of withdrawal without
malus
it can not be bad if you really want to
preview to the withdrawal crowds with
suitcases at the trophy more than that it can
to be useful so each time these
trophies slip of course at level 50 at
level one hundred and one bo 150 the fact that a
gluttons I remind you
fortifies catr ford and fication to
clay gives 32 critical resistance
there are also some people from
resistance to damage from the thumb and I
believe 96 of push damage from
64.1 which gives 80 82 power so without
malus always except the condition then
that they are there again scholar so the
trophies that gives meaning to the stats each
times divide by 2 so at the level
central and 50 and at level 25
it's going to give it I think I'm your 50
has ordered 25 or devastating
devastating therefore to be unemployed without
the usual 8% penalty miraculously I
have already shown you is now
to be offered a little lower level of
innocent young people
I can tell you that for all
levels without them having the
possibility I do not doubt a single
second who will use it then we
find the recipe
so there was stirring a trophy to
this leak and we agree
always the same conditions at the level
100 so certainly people will be enraged in
saying yes to lille ii was either that
now it's no longer useful
in addition with the diameter is madrid of
nomads replacing the vul bi sas
nothing but do not forget when
same as via the condition especially the
satam condition is I think a great
variety of new stuff will have to see
completely this way of staff and
because now it's more the usual
scribble blueon I think he'll go
because there are two panoply for example
I thought with the queen of thieves
have for only then I do not know if that
little at random with veil of ink amulets
rigid and speaks in the middle of austere city
with the daggers of sam hamad
trophy masters like that one
would arrive a stefan 12.6 with very
good stats it would be rather practical
I think now these assets only creates
not but also relatively easy
easily reach now 12.6
much more than before is good he still
to have a trophy that I have not seen I
think a trophy that is soil like here
we have other facts that are alone
denies no associated revenue
higher it's really a trophy with
the door is also but I can not
not to find it in the list because
that there are so many trophies that
finally some stuff that I get patois
Deserters not it happened in the fall
that is worth finding the good and the
kid who does 32 care now
do not come back that it can be not bad 32
points and go on saf and the skiff pea to 32
yes I may have missed a trip
probably I do not know
in any case the main thing is the
vomited hours and lemonades so stirs
climbed to 105 years of evita and nomadic so
do not forget that you can put a
challenge sugar and stirring hours of their
time in front of class you will make bonus
2 p hase which greatly facilitates the
12 6 so that's changes
main of dust is updated for
the moment we do not really find them
trophies on the beta test since it
must have already manufacture
resources there are not a lot of
resources in beta test but hey I
think it's going to be fast becoming democratized and
who replace the west of who will emerge
it should be pretty cool me I'm
I'm pretty happy about this
day
I think there are not many who go a
little get upset like that but I think
it's a good update the part of a
kid who diversifies the stuff that
makes it a little more drinkable not
badly said she who was a little lonely
precisely because the outfits
it's enough tchité which one takes two
items of any variety
there for example with ozitem already
already with two items we have 50 of
power in vitality 20 damage
criticism that it's just not worth it
to take equipment only well
often that's why I find them
panels that are a bit too good
of advantage and be nice but a
little to counterbalance all that and
maybe atrophic did not wear it or
critical hits
I know I have not watched it myself
was missing among the ten that I
looked at I do not trust all the
short days I hope this little
video of the presentation of the setting
day you will have pleased me what I you
ask if you can of course is to
will your donations on the beta you can
see me contact me under the name of
extremely hard I have a body feng there
believes that she wanted to be part of it
contact me too and so I
wanted to make me donations log in
on the za especially if you do not play and
you have a lot of cammas after very
pleasure because for now I have not
drafted best-of mass mass cgppa
money especially for gender stocks
queen of thieves or stuff like that
that can be expensive and especially with
the exos very quickly very expensive short
soon found for a next
ddps video may have xeer
I would like to return to gallop what
that he will take the stuff again
service be a bit complicated so we
soon found for more and more
videos and sword this time it was
is questioned do not hesitate to you
subscribe left to like